README.md, before:

# quarkus-halloween-ai

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: <https://quarkus.io/>.

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at <http://localhost:8080/q/dev/>.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:

```shell script
./mvnw package
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.jar.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/quarkus-halloween-ai-1.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult <https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling>.

## Related Guides

- REST ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/rest)): A Jakarta REST implementation utilizing build time processing and Vert.x. This extension is not compatible with the quarkus-resteasy extension, or any of the extensions that depend on it.
- LangChain4j ([guide](https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-langchain4j/dev/index.html)): Provides the basic integration with LangChain4j
- LangChain4j OpenAI ([guide](https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-langchain4j/dev/index.html)): Provides the basic integration with LangChain4j

## Provided Code

### REST

Easily start your REST Web Services

[Related guide section...](https://quarkus.io/guides/getting-started-reactive#reactive-jax-rs-resources)

Commit message:

added initial docs and getting started

README.md, after:

# quarkus-halloween-ai

This project uses Quarkus, the Supersonic Subatomic Java Framework.

If you want to learn more about Quarkus, please visit its website: <https://quarkus.io/>.

## Running the application in dev mode

You can run your application in dev mode that enables live coding using:

```shell script
./mvnw compile quarkus:dev
```

> **_NOTE:_**  Quarkus now ships with a Dev UI, which is available in dev mode only at <http://localhost:8080/q/dev/>.

## Packaging and running the application

The application can be packaged using:

```shell script
./mvnw package
```

It produces the `quarkus-run.jar` file in the `target/quarkus-app/` directory.
Be aware that it’s not an _über-jar_ as the dependencies are copied into the `target/quarkus-app/lib/` directory.

The application is now runnable using `java -jar target/quarkus-app/quarkus-run.jar`.

If you want to build an _über-jar_, execute the following command:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dquarkus.package.jar.type=uber-jar
```

The application, packaged as an _über-jar_, is now runnable using `java -jar target/*-runner.jar`.

## Creating a native executable

You can create a native executable using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative
```

Or, if you don't have GraalVM installed, you can run the native executable build in a container using:

```shell script
./mvnw package -Dnative -Dquarkus.native.container-build=true
```

You can then execute your native executable with: `./target/quarkus-halloween-ai-1.0-SNAPSHOT-runner`

If you want to learn more about building native executables, please consult <https://quarkus.io/guides/maven-tooling>.

## Related Guides

- REST ([guide](https://quarkus.io/guides/rest)): A Jakarta REST implementation utilizing build time processing and Vert.x. This extension is not 
compatible with the quarkus-resteasy extension, or any of the extensions that depend on it.
- LangChain4j ([guide](https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-langchain4j/dev/index.html)): Provides the basic integration with LangChain4j
- LangChain4j OpenAI ([guide](https://docs.quarkiverse.io/quarkus-langchain4j/dev/index.html)): Provides the basic integration with LangChain4j

## Using this project as a demo or tutorial

### Getting Started

Although this project can be built and deployed, the following documentation will take you through a step-by-step 
process to recreate it as a demo or use it as a tutorial to build your own.  So, dig in and have fun.

[Recreating the project as a demo or a tutorial](./docs/01-getting-started.md)


## Credits

Much/most of this was taken and repurposed from these wonderful source materials:

- [Quarkus Tutorial](https://redhat-developer-demos.github.io/quarkus-tutorial/quarkus-tutorial/index.html)
- [Reactive Systems In Java](https://github.com/cescoffier/reactive-systems-in-java)
- [Quarkus LangChain4j Workshop](https://github.com/cescoffier/quarkus-langchain4j-workshop)
